**Fortnite update 29.20 launches – will there be more downtime?** Fortnite update 29.20 launches – will there be more downtime? Sophie Atkinson is a UK-based journalist and content writer, as well as a founder of a content agency which focuses on storytelling through social media… Paul McNally has been around consoles and computers since his parents bought him a Mattel Intellivision in 1980. He has been a prominent games journalist… The Fortnite update 29.20 has officially launched today, just two weeks after the previous 29.10 version and amidst new skins and announcements. The downtime for version 29.20 began at 4 am ET and it was reported as being finished just shy of two hours later at 5:43 am ET via a post on X from the Fortnite Status account which shares service updates. Matchmaking went down 30 minutes beforehand to allow players to finish their match before downtime began. Downtime for v29.20 has ended!Read all about what's new: Creative/UEFN: https://t.co/2J7pda2Zg3Rocket Racing: https://t.co/IxTorCKNuV — Fortnite Status (@FortniteStatus) April 9, 2024 Just a few minutes after the downtime has concluded post, the team said they’ve fixed a number of issues as part of today’s update. This has included fixing “a bug where players could indefinitely fly with Icarus Wings.” “Fixed an issue where Battle Pass Level 200 players were unable to claim Titanflame Hades. “Fixed a bug where hair was unintentionally visible through some Outfits’ hats & helmets.” Whilst these have been successfully sorted and the downtime was minimal in comparison to other versions which are usually down for four hours, the team has said they’re working to resolve an issue. As this continues, only party leaders will be able to select and adjust the playlist in your party. Fortnite says they’ll let fans know when this is fixed. What is in Fortnite update 29.20 Version 29.20 brings upgrades to the Patchwork tool and Instrument Player, as well as gives players new ways to customize the Grind Rail and Grind Vine devices. Specific creators can now be searched for in Discover too, with new Prefabs, Galleries, and multiple updates to other devices. One of the most noticeable is the Third Person Controls device has an added Twin Stick setting to the Facing Direction device option. Using this, a player on your island can control the rotation of their character using the right stick or mouse cursor. With a controller, the character will rotate to face the direction the player has the right stick pointed toward. With a mouse cursor, the character will rotate to face the location of the cursor on-screen. A number of new options have been brought to the Grind Rail and Grind Vine devices too. You can now change the speed and acceleration of players using the vine and there’s a Speed Preset tool in Grind Rail. In Fortnite Patchwork, you can now use Tooltips and Zoom to help you get a better view of Patchwork devices when you’re sequencing melodies or fine-tuning sound. Featured Image: Epic Games The ReadWrite Editorial policy involves closely monitoring the tech industry for major developments, new product launches, AI breakthroughs, video game releases and other newsworthy events. Editors assign relevant stories to staff writers or freelance contributors with expertise in each particular topic area. Before publication, articles go through a rigorous round of editing for accuracy, clarity, and to ensure adherence to ReadWrite's style guidelines. Sophie Atkinson is a UK-based journalist and content writer, as well as a founder of a content agency which focuses on storytelling through social media marketing. She kicked off her career with a Print Futures Award which champions young talent working in print, paper and publishing. Heading straight into a regional newsroom, after graduating with a BA (Hons) degree in Journalism, Sophie started by working for Reach PLC. Now, with five years experience in journalism and many more in content marketing, Sophie works as a freelance writer and marketer. Her areas of specialty span a wide range, including technology, business,… While it seems we are still some way from Genshin Impact 5.0 (assuming we don’t miss a couple of iterations on the way from 4.6) it seems that the landmark... By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. Unsubscribe anytime. Explore the latest in tech with our Tech News. We cut through the noise for concise, relevant updates, keeping you informed about the rapidly evolving tech landscape with curated content that separates signal from noise. Explore tech impact in In-Depth Stories. Narrative data journalism offers comprehensive analyses, revealing stories behind data. Understand industry trends for a deeper perspective on tech's intricate relationships with society. Empower decisions with Expert Reviews, merging industry expertise and insightful analysis. Delve into tech intricacies, get the best deals, and stay ahead with our trustworthy guide to navigating the ever-changing tech market. REGULATION & HIGH RISK INVESTMENT WARNING: Trading Forex, CFDs and Cryptocurrencies is highly speculative, carries a level of risk and may not be suitable for all investors. You may lose some or all of your invested capital, therefore you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. The content on this site should not be considered investment advice. Investing is speculative. When investing your capital is at risk. Please note that we do receive advertising fees for directing users to open an account with the brokers/advertisers and/or for driving traffic to the advertiser website © ReadWrite. All Rights Reserved. 